Usage: modshare {OPTIONS} [dir] [dirN]

Description:

     modshare recursively searches the directories provided for node
     modules (in node_modules directory) with a valid package.json.
     It uses the package name and version to match up possible
     modules that can be shared. Once it finds like modules to share
     it walks through the modules to check for files that can be
     linked. If the files modified datetime and size compares and
     the other criteria are met (like minimum size) it will create
     a hard link for the files to save disk space. It keeps track
     of modules that it has linked in a refs file so modshare
     can use this to quickly locate similar modules on future runs.
     The refs are always double checked that they haven't changed
     before being considered for linking. This is simply a performance
     optimization for repeat use. The refs file makes it convenient
     to perform future runs on new directories without having to
     reprocess the old. If the ref modules have changed they will be
     ignored and removed from future consideration.

Standard Options:

 -c, --config CONFIG_PATH

  This option overrides the config file path, default ~/.modshare

 -d, --dryrun

  Instead of performing the linking, just display the modules that
  would be linked and the amount of disk space that would be saved.

 -g, --gen-ln-cmds

  Instead of performing the linking, just generate link commands
  that the system would perform and output

 -h, --help

  Show this message

 -p, --prune

  Prune the refs file by checking all of the refs clearing out any
  that have changed

 -r, --refs-file REFS_FILE_PATH

  Specify where to load and store the link refs file which is used to
  quickly locate previously linked modules. Default ~/modshare_refs.json

 -s, --size N

  Minimum file size to link in bytes, default 0

 -t, --tree-depth N

  Maximum depth to search the directories specified for node modules
  Default depth: 0 (unlimited)

 -u, --uses N

  Minimum occurences of a node module (with the same version)
  that will cause it to be considered for linking. Default: 2
